docs: streaming documentation (#5980)
jina-ai/jina: docs/tutorials/llm-serve.md

# Build a Streaming API for a Large Language Model
```{include} ../../README.md
:start-after: <!-- start llm-streaming-intro -->
:end-before: <!-- end llm-streaming-intro -->
```

## Service Schemas
```{include} ../../README.md
:start-after: <!-- start llm-streaming-schemas -->
:end-before: <!-- end llm-streaming-schemas -->
```

```{admonition} Note
:class: note

> Thanks to DocArray's flexibility, you can actually implement much more flexible services. For instance, you can use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to DocArray's flexibility, you can implement very flexible services. For instance, you can use 
```
